How many people can ride the Bell Pogo jet pack?
When was Montini's first meeting addressing the unification of Catholic lay followers?
In Which region are the Wedemeyer Rocks located?
What profession studies the role of emotions in providing holistic health care?
Who is John Vivian Drummond Nettles?
Who was the 17th president of the USA?
What country has been widely criticized for its inefficient,bureaucratic governance?
What legendary broadcaster died in the '98 season?
How long is the Niger River, in km?
Who established the Civil War Times magazine?
How many US presidents have visited Eastern Europe and North Asia?
In what year did Bulgarias population peak?
Who was the grandfather of Stella Maria Miles Franklin?
On what substance does the Hall-Heroult Process depend on?
In what year did an important trial take place which situated New Haven among the forefront of the growing anti-slavery movement?
What may have contributed to the destruction of Lake Atna?
Who was the first person to speak on BBC when it was turned back on following World War II?
Who is the current president of Notre Dame?
How long is the Box Tunnel between Bath and Chippenham in km?
What percent of the population are unable to eat unfermented milk-based foods?
When did Taiwan fall?
In which University Leo Marx has studied?
How many kilometers is the Fischingertal in Switzerland long?
How many states does Austria consist of?
What was the name of Walter Edgar's first wife?
Who founded Urkesh?
What does OSCE stand for?
Who wrote the Global Accountability Report for 2007?
How many people lived in 'Kičava' according to the 2003 cencus?
Where did the Battle of Benbigrie took place?
About how many people were killed in the October 20 bombing of Gaddafi's convoy?
How large is Brazil?
"Who realesed ''American Woman""?"
How many copies of Space Platform have been printed?
When was 'A Bronx Tale' released?
How many people live in Taiynsha?
Who captured Atlanta?
What is the name of the mysterious pit in the ground of the Roman Forum?
How high is Ta' Dmejrek?
What was the name of Nazi Germany's navy?
Where is the Mbridge River located?
Who wrote the novel 'Lords and Ladies'?
In which country is Area 51?
When was the The Grove Dictionary of Art first offered online?
How many viceroys were there in China Proper?
What is the Hebrew term for canon?
What ist the estimated population of Dubno?
Where was 'Hymn to Proserpine' published?
In what cardinal direction outside Plymouth is Devonport located?
How many people were killed on January 22, 2016 in La Loche?
Where is the Frobisher Bay Air Base located?
In which province is the Cubillas Reservoir?
What is the modern single English word for Canis lupus?
What was the birth date of John Von Neumann?
Which medium sized British bank was the first victim of the financial crisis?
How many passengers can the Ford Fiesta accommodate?
What future pope was made a cardinal by Paul VI on June 26, 1967?
What represents important moments in the history of Amsterdam?
When was Dr. Gabriel Hemery born?
Who, along with Adam Ferguson, criticized the idea of social contract theorists?
In which year was the International Carbon Action Partnership founded?
How old was Olivier Cotte when he directed his first film?
How many people do historians estimate Genghis Khan killed in the Iranian Plateau?
Who is born on September 23 1868 in Norway?
On which date did die Occupy Nigeria movement start?
When was The New Times published?
Who recieved Castle Drogo in 1974?
Where does a space vehicle travel?
What was the nationality of painter Mario Puccini?
Who is the founder of the James Randi Educational Foundation?
How many hectares is the Maputo Special Reserve?
What is Connecticut's biggest city?
What did Marcel Bezençon conceive in 1955?
How many Muslim students are there in Kerala?
How many times was Manning intercepted during the 2015 season?
Iwo Jima is halfway between the Mariana Islands and what city?
When did Montanta become a state?
Whose works helped Tesla recover from illness?
What is the oldest still existing church in Lebanon?
What mountain stretches more than 3000 miles in the Southwestern United States?
What is the birthyear of Cosimo Perrotta?
In what forms of government are leaders not held to the same laws as ordinary citizens?
Who is the mayor of the Gribskov Kommune?
Who wrote The Happy Isles of Oceania?
On which island is Ponta do Tristão located?
What is the theoretical maximum efficiency of reflective capsule bulbs?
When did Richard Redding die?
In what year was the Beatles made MBE's?
What is the Carnival known as in Barbados?
What extensive coastline makes up a portion of Eritrea's East border?
Who composed the soundtrack of Azhar?
Which language do people speak in Flanders?
What is a sex strike
When was Bradford Parkinson born?
What was the October 2014 purchase price of the Waldorf Astoria?
Which album contains Lady Gagas song Venus?
What is Žemaitkiemis?
Who was the first native north african emperor?
When was Christianity introduced to Rudok, Ladakh, and Tsang?
When was Wake Up America Day
What was discovered by William Herschel?
When did Universal make Tom Mix westerns?
In what country is Hassfurt located?
Where is Kvíabryggja prison?
Whats the name of the privatly owned waterfall, that was featured in the background of the film Jurassic Park?
What does structuralism mean?
How many people lived in Pali, Montenegro in the year 2003?
Where was the Knittelvers created?
What was the date before the day Lincoln entered Richmond?
In what year did the Ottoman empire lose Greece?
Who wrote Behind the Rising Sun?
In which year was the biblical manuscript Codex Chisianus first edited?
In what states is Fort Bliss located?
Who owns the Revention Music Center?
Where do the various small items come from that can be put into a coin tray?
"Who introduced ""Circle of Poison prevention Act"" in the U.S. Senate?"
What is the Globular Flute made of?
What is the capital of Liechtenstein?
When were Photo CDs initially released?
What other air force does the CAF cooperate with?
When did The Impact Team successfully breach Ashley Madison?
In which city is the Jiaxian District located?
How cold is it at the Mesosphere?
What is the present day name of the city that the Battle of Guilford Courthouse was fought at?
Which motion sensor was used for the Xbox 360 and Xbox One?
What competitor did Arsenal defeat to win a league title in the 1988-89 season?
What are the most abundant polyphenolics in purple grapes?
Which country is reigned by Queen Elisabeth the II?
In what year was streptomycin discovered?
When did Yeltsin tender a letter of resignation of the Politburo?
Who was eliminated the week after judges saved Jessica Sanchez on American Idol?
Where is the Snoul Wildlife Sanctuary located?
What are space suits an example of a solution to? 
"When was the paper published that the ""Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction"" graph was based on?"
What vacation resort is visited the most?
When opened the Klondike Gold Mine roller coaster?
How many self-identified LGB people live in the New York metropolitan area?
Which airport near Paris was one of the first to add civil facilities for handling passenger traffic?
What era lasted between 12,000 and 10,200 BC?
In what town is the Sărmaşel gas field?
What is a culinary speciality in Salzkammergut besides Kaiserschmarrn and Krapfen?
What is the reason for the dramatic drop in visits to The Times website?
When was Constantinople taken over by the Ottoman?
How many people attended cricket at Lord's?
How long is Jamaica?
What percentage of those elected from 1868 to 1876 were Freemen?
Who developed the Rossmo‘s formula?
What is 231_Vindobona?
What is the maximum depth of Lake Sempach?
What was the name of the non-subscription Xbox online gaming service?
Where was the russian fort Redoubt Kali?
On which street does LaptopMD headquarters sit?
In what year did the Doomsday project occur?
When were rotary jails built?
Who are the parents of Bristol Palin?
Where is Gorariya located?
Who is the author of the monograph called Martyrdom and the Politics of Religion?
who was the third daughter of Emperor Arcadius ?
How much did Rhein II cost?
When were the Prussian estates formed?
What is an Autobahnkreuz?
How high is the highest point in Brazil?
Which film shows the University of Pennsylvania's Head Injury Clinic in 1983?
What is the principal alternative to electric railways?
Where was Edward J. Erickson born?
when was Friedrich Katz born?
Who restored the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in the 1040's?
Which kings wre among the first to be Hellenized?
Where was Johann Georg August Galletti born?
What was the first weekday in year 1738 of the Gregorian calendar?
Which country did Iraq invade in 1990?
The Philippines stopped celebrating Carnival after what year? 
Who wrote The Immigrant of St.Louis
Which Sura in the Qur'an describes the visitation of an angel upon Zakariya?
Who is the founder of the peoples Temple?
Where is the Robert Wan Pearl Museum located?
What lines the coelomata of leeches?
In which country is the Kilteevan located at?
Who is Rodney Yee?
In 2008, which racial group had the most individuals under the age of 18?
Who observed the Nickerson Ice Shelf first?
How many times did Newcastle fight off the Scots during the 14th century?
The infant brain contains more of what type of cells in the brain than the adult brain?
How many stops at ports were included in the voyage, that is part of the book West by Sea
What is the most populus district in Budapest?
What auditor company did Apple hire to oversee worker conditions following the controversy?
When was Michael Chappell born?
What was traditionally an Assyrian/Syriac dominated town?
When was the Battle of Scarpheia
Whats the title of the controversial book that was written by Arthur Moeller van den Bruck in 1923?
How is the process of planting seeds called?
Which american journalist was born on October 9, 1963?
Where are the  Olympic Summer Games in 1952 located?
Who announced a Kickstarter campain to relaunch Upcoming?
What was the name of the album Queen released in 2014?
What is the name of the peninsula Boston was founded on?
Which Sun columnist made controversial remarks about migrants to Britain in April 2015?
When was Jiaxian Bridge reopened after the destruction by rushing waters in 2009?
Who represented Oribe's Blancos?
"In which city was ""Naturalist in Indian Seas"" published?"